# Angular 2 Resources

Oasis Digital - Angular Blog Posts
http://blog.oasisdigital.com/category/angularjs/

Oasis Digital - Class Example Repositories
https://bitbucket.org/od-training

Angular 2 Style Guide
https://angular.io/styleguide

Angular 1 to 2 Quick Reference
https://angular.io/docs/ts/latest/cookbook/a1-a2-quick-reference.html

Angular 2 migration guide - Convert your Angular 1 knowledge into Angular 2
http://ngmigrate.telerik.com/

Angular CLI
https://cli.angular.io/

Angular Resources
https://angular.io/resources/

5 Rookie Mistakes to Avoid with Angular 2
http://angularjs.blogspot.com/2016/04/5-rookie-mistakes-to-avoid-with-angular.html

Two-Way Data Binding Is Just A "Box Of Bananas" In Angular 2
http://www.bennadel.com/blog/3008-two-way-data-binding-is-just-a-box-of-bananas-in-angular-2-beta-1.htm

Change Detection in Angular 2
https://vsavkin.com/change-detection-in-angular-2-4f216b855d4c#.3d3r1vlvl

Angular 2 Unit Testing recipes
https://medium.com/google-developer-experts/angular-2-unit-testing-with-jasmine-defe20421584#.xy3fdslvx

Angular 2 Router - Victor Savkin
https://vsavkin.com/angular-2-router-d9e30599f9ea#.66cdod4ti

TypeScript
https://www.typescriptlang.org/

TypeScript Playground
https://www.typescriptlang.org/play/index.html

TSLint - A Linter for the TypeScript language
http://palantir.github.io/tslint/

Typescript and ES6 and ES5
https://johnpapa.net/es5-es2015-typescript/

Angular 2: Why TypeScript?
https://vsavkin.com/writing-angular-2-in-typescript-1fa77c78d8e8#.pd2sq4xmh

RxJS Overview
http://reactivex.io/rxjs/manual/overview.html

RxJS Operators by Categories
https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/gettingstarted/categories.md

RxJS Operator "Decision Tree" (bottom of page)
http://reactivex.io/rxjs/

RxJS - Which operator do I use?
https://xgrommx.github.io/rx-book/content/which_operator_do_i_use/index.html

RxMarbles: Interactive diagrams of Rx Observables
http://rxmarbles.com/

Learning Observable By Building Observable â€“ Medium
https://medium.com/@benlesh/learning-observable-by-building-observable-d5da57405d87#.upfv3na4p

Functional Reactive Programming for Angular 2 Developers
http://blog.angular-university.io/functional-reactive-programming-for-angular-2-developers-rxjs-and-observables/


